Add test-ids to product feed (#669)
saleor/apps: .changeset/poor-hounds-move.md

---
"saleor-app-products-feed": minor
---

> Make Google Categories mapping lazy loaded, so page loads immediately and forms adds with a delay. Previously page was stuck due to large chunk size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make Google Categories mapping lazy loaded, so the page loads immediately and forms add with a delay. Previously the page was stuck due to large chunk size
```
